Splash screen is looking really good, but traditionally the splash screen has to splash.
That's why it's a splash screen, which means you should either have some sort of animation that terminates
into the next screen, or it should just show for a little bit and then go to the next screen.
Either way, it should not stay there.
So how do we do that?
Well, what are we going to do is we're going to create a splash screen.
In a sense, we're going to have an animation that will kind of enhance this image and then retract.
And then once that animation is over, we're going to then navigate to the main screen.
All right.
So back to our animation right there.
I should say back to our weather splash screen there.
What are we going to do here is at the top?
First of all, let's go ahead and get rid of unnecessary things here.
Remove redundant qualifier.
So at the top of our function weather function here, I'm going to create a variable.
It's going to be viral scale.
So what is this scale?
Well, the scale is going to be used to control the state of our animation, but most importantly,
the scaling of this structure that we created because we want to create this scale effect that scales
up and down.
So we're going to put that into a variable, but not just any variable when it leaves, remember?
So much so that the composable function will know how to deal with this, right?
We will know to be triggered to change to recompose if changes are noticed in this variable, right?
And then I'm going to use another type here called Animated Table, or I need a table that one.
And then inside, I'm going to pass the initial value.
So we need to pass initial values going to be at zero f whenever you have issues or you want to understand
exactly what a function or what certain Class D documentation, what it means or what he does.
I always like to hover over right as if I have over says this anywhere.
Table function creates a float value holder, so that automatically animates its value when the values
changed via animator, which will see in a second.
So we have our scale variable, which is attached this any table with zero as as its initial value.
To use that, we have to pass that value inside of our surface because the idea is that the surface
which holds this column image and text and so forth.
So all of this, we want to scale it depending on the time the surface in this case, which is this
where we created right, which includes the image as well as the text we want to scale that.
So we need to pass this value.
Which will be changing in a second here, depending once we put together the animation.
And we need to pass that inside of a surface and how do we do that?
Well, we understand that our modifier here, among many other things, are other things we can pass
along with it, one of which is going to be the scale so we can actually pass a scale.
In this case, we would have had to scale down value.
That means even though the scales at zero at this point, in fact, if it were run, which we won't
see anything because this is going to scale to zero.
Right?
But the idea is that later in a bit here we are going to attach this scale to change, depending on
the animation as the animation happens.
All option enter.
And we're going to put everything in one lines to organize our code now to create an animation right
after our variable where we created that variable.
Here, I'm going to create a new structure called launched effect hit enter.
And we need to pass a key and just say true and the block the block.
In this case, what I'm going to do is I'm going to put the extra block of code that we're going to
be using.
OK.
So what is this launch effect if you have over again?
It's going to say one light effect enters the composition it will launch block into the compositions,
coverage and tax context, right?
What it means is that when this happens, the moment this is called, enter this composition to create
this view.
So users can, you know, act with what happens this block?
What are we going to write inside now?
This cowritten like the back end or the background workings, right?
Asynchronous background workings, things that happen in the background and so forth and will be cancelled.
And a real launched window like the effect is were composed with a different key.
So all in all, we say, whenever we want to parse certain processes, in this case, this process of
animating something, changing the structure of our view, we are going to pass instead of this launch
effect because we get to this core team scope, which allows us to do this work that usually needs to
be done away from the user interface.
Now, when it comes to routines, there's a lot to learn and it's a it's a big topic.
But essentially, this is what are we doing here?
So inside here, this is when we can just use our scale variable rate.
We created at the top there.
And then we're going to say, don't animate too, because remember, the scale is.
Implicitly, in Anima table type, it's why we passing this anywhere table initial value zero.
That's why we can't actually use the animal to function.
So we can then pass the target in this case, what is the target value?
The target value could be anything but we're going to say zero zero nine f, OK.
And then next, we're going to pass animation spec.
What kind of the animation we're trying to create trying to have here?
They're different kind of animation, but in this case, I'm going to use twin spark like that, OK?
And even put the name named art means the animation spec say twin.
If you have over again a twin, there's different kind of animations it says creates a twin spec configured
with the given duration delay in easing curve.
Now the parameters were going to pass in this twin, as you see here, could be duration in Millis,
which is the duration of the animation spec.
And then we can pass daily delay millis the amount of time in milliseconds that animation waits before
starting and then easing the easing the easing curve that will be used to interpolate between starting.
And so essentially, we're going to pass all of these values that we need to pass here because animation
will interpolate between two values to the target and the initial value zero two zero point zero nine.
In this case, I'm going to say duration.
How long?
Just say 800 milliseconds.
OK, so point eight seconds really pass easing, white easing.
Of course it is at.
I can pass it there.
So now I can invoke different kinds of easings, right?
So I'm going to overshoot, for instance.
That's what I need.
Overshoot interval later to interpolate between those two values.
And then I'm going to say here, I'm going to pass the tension and then I'm going to say, get interpolation
and pass it.
So looks like very complicated code in the sense, but not really.
So we just creating this structure that will allow us to scale this value here, which is inanimate
table.
OK, so we animate to be passing the target to the target zero point zero nine from zero this initial
value, and we need to parse the kind of specs of the animation, what kind of animation we want.
Well, it's going to be a twin, a twin.
In this case, we need to parse situation in merely how many, how long will it animate and the easing,
what type of of the animation we really want to wait.
In this case, we just want overshoot Interpol.
Later, we're going to interpolate between the initial value and the target value with tension of eight
f.
So obviously, if you want to see the difference, you can change this tension.
I'm assuming greater the number, of course, the more attention it will show we are using overshoot
into later and past attention and then get interpolation past it, which is the float that we get from
our limit out there.
So see, now our scale variable is going to interpolate is going to change.
It's going to, in this case, create that animation we want.
I see if that's true.
Let's run.
He saw very, very, very little there, very little what's happening.
Maybe I added a a different.
And instead of there we go, the target is really small.
That's why you see you saw that, so in sort of 0.09 to see zero point nine.
Aha, now you saw the difference that's going to run again.
Voila!
You can see it works, so the smaller this number, of course, the smaller the animation.
We had zero point nine zero point zero nine.
You can see it's very small and that doesn't make any sense.
But if we put zero point zero nine rather zero point nine, you will see that we're going to get the
results that we want.
Well, I forget.
So that's exactly what one want, what we really want to happen is once this animation is over.
Right about here, we want to also delay for a few milliseconds and then Navigator's next screen.
So because we still inside of this launch, the fact we get to invoke certain functions, such as delay
while the different flavors here, then here we pass the milliseconds of the time we want to delete
by two thousand milliseconds and put out for long.
This is about two seconds that we want to wait.
Once the animation is done and then we're got to do something else, what do we want to do here is we
want to go to a different screen, which screen well and say navigator or nav control, I should say.
And now, before I even move forward, let's see what's happened here.
I have no nav controller.
Where does that come from?
Well, it comes from here because we made sure to pass this nav controller along.
So we have this capability of, say, now controller because is the controller, he knows how to do
things such as pop back stack, who are moving the screen that users are seeing to go back or navigate
to somewhere right where we want to go now, make sure there's a lot of different overload functions
here.
Make sure you get the root right because we are going to be his route.
That's where we're going.
So use the route one there to navigate to whatever we want to go.
Where do you want to go?
We want to go to weather screens.
Look how wonderful this is.
Oops.
Screens.
Remember want to go to our enemies?
And then I'm going to say main screen that name.
Just like that.
That's where we want to go.
Now let's go back to our weather, actually weather navigation to make sure that we have that composable
the screen, we don't have that, which means I'm going to copy this and create right because we have
to go to our weather navigation, which has an app host and we have to add in that's going to go to
because if we just call a navigation a screen that hasn't been created, then we would have a problem.
All right.
So I'm going to change a few things here back in just going to changes to main screen and then here
it's going to be main screen.
And we haven't created that.
Let's go ahead and create a main screen.
That means then we go to our screens again and let's go ahead and create a new class.
It's just going to be a file called this main screen.
And it's going to be a composable call this main screen.
And as always, we're going to pass our knife controller, as we've learned.
It's a good friend to have around.
And for now, it's just put a text here that says main screen.
OK, so now we have our main screen.
We know that we are not going to be calling something that doesn't exist.
That doesn't exist.
Let's go ahead and import that if you can do it right.
What?
We want this main screen there.
Oops.
Make sure we get that one.
And we should be good now if we will run this.
Hopefully, after two milliseconds after our animation, we should go to the main screen.
And there.
Well, there we go.
We have our main screen.